Mark `useDispatch` as deprecated (#230)
stimulus-use/stimulus-use: docs/use-dispatch.md

Adds a `dispatch` helper function to emit custom events. Useful to communicate between different controllers.

> **Deprecated** : useDispatch() is a deprecated mixin from Stimulus-Use. Please use the built-in dispatch() function from Stimulus: https://stimulus.hotwired.dev/reference/controllers#cross-controller-coordination-with-events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deprecated**: `useDispatch()` is deprecated. Please use the built-in `this.dispatch()` function from Stimulus: https://stimulus.hotwired.dev/reference/controllers#cross-controller-coordination-with-events
```
